NAME
    Nomo - High performance, starter-aware and preforking PSGI web server

SYNOPSIS
      # preforking HTTP server
      % nomo --max-workers 20 app.psgi

      # run with Server::Starter superdaemon
      % server_starter --port 127.0.0.1:80 -- nomo --max-workers 32 app.psgi

DESCRIPTION
    Nomo is a PSGI perl web server that has unique features such as:

    High Performance
        Uses XS/C extensions to parse HTTP headers for the best performance.

    Preforking
        Runs servers preforked like most high performance UNIX servers do.
        This means your applications are preloaded to be copy-on-write
        friendly.

        It also means your application can be blocking, and load-balancing
        is handled by kernels. No requests piled up behind busy workers.

    Superdaemon aware
        Automatically detect superdaemon such as Server::Starter and
        ControlFreak to benefit from their features such as hot deploy,
        graceful restarts, dynamic worker pool configuration and sharing
        UNIX Domain sockets.

    UNIX only
        Optimized for UNIX for the best performance by avoiding weird Win32
        compatible code.

    PSGI compatible
        Can run any PSGI applications and frameworks.

    Daemon mode
        Can use "--daemonize" and "--pid" to become daemon just like normal
        UNIX tools, but can also be used with other supervisor tools such as
        daemontools or supervisord.

    Features that are planned but not implemented are:

    Reaping dead workers
    Log rotation via signals
    Listening to UNIX domain sockets
    Perl DSL configuration
    Per worker hooks

NOMO?
    The name Nomo is taken from the baseball player <Hideo Nomo>, who is a
    great starter, famous for his forkball and whose nickname is Tornado.

AUTHORS
    Tatsuhiko Miyagawa

    Kazuho Oku

    Daisuke Maki

LICENSE
    This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
    under the same terms as Perl itself.

SEE ALSO
    Plack HTTP::Server::PSGI::Prefork

